Maybe a good friend too.
Want to take a break. through the partition,
You should go back first. Let's go,
good friend. I'll come back first.
Who has offended you again? You are so angry.
Jian Zingzi, what you said this time is not a good thing.
Tell me, what should I do if Brother Li falls in love with him?
I know you, Brother Li. Miss,
I want to calm you down and tell you that you have a bad name.
I was afraid of Brother Li, so I took him to see him.
You have been here during the day. Got you.
I know you are still angry with me, it is indeed my fault.
I'm just too scared that I'll lose my temper,
My lady and my sister look so much alike
Sometimes you want me to work harder
Treat you as a sister